README.md, before:

# Grad Student Cost of Living Analysis 
### This will be updated by Thursday, August 10th. 

### Explain what the reason behind the forms. Using a data-driven approach, we were able to show faculty that graduate students needed more money. We wanted to share the resources we created so others could do the same... 

###### This workflow provides users with code to create a google form to collect cost of living data. The XXX file then produces a presentation based on the results of the survey. 

The two files were made to be run together. That is, if you change or add questions to the google form, you will also have to modify the file in R. 

A minimum stipend amount is not automatically provided with these documents. We suggest reviewing your data and using the average necessary expenditures but also taking into account the median rental price and MIT's living wage calculator for your location before coming up with a recommended stipend amount. Remember, students who fill out the form are probably already struggling to make ends meet. Just because they are paying $600/month for rent does not mean that they are living in a habitable environment (i.e. mold, noise, etc.). 

These documents were created by Elise Loggers and Parker Levinson in collaboration with Elisabeth Krieger, Lauren Gedlinske, and Nate Heili.

Commit message:

changed the description and added a disclaimer about the poster upload
will also change file changes here soon...

README.md, after:

# Grad Student Cost of Living Analysis 

### Using a data-driven approach, we summarized cost-of-living for graduate students in an Ecology Department. We presented the results to faculty to advocate for pay that reflected the cost of living in Bozeman, MT. We share these resources as a framework for others to follow to build finanicial equity among students. 

###### This workflow provides users with code to create a google form to collect cost of living data. The XXX file then produces a presentation based on the results of the survey. 

The two files were made to be run together. That is, if you change or add questions to the google form, you will also have to modify R presentation file. 

A minimum stipend amount is not automatically provided with these documents. We suggest reviewing your data and using the average necessary expenditures but also taking into account the median rental price for your location before coming up with a recommended stipend amount. Remember, students who fill out the form are probably already struggling to make ends meet. Just because they are paying $600/month for rent does not mean that they are living in a habitable environment (i.e. mold, noise, etc.). We found the MIT living wage calculator reflected similar pay suggestions to the amount we proposed as a comfortable stipend. 

These documents were created by Elise Loggers and Parker Levinson in collaboration with Elisabeth Krieger, Lauren Gedlinske, and Nate Heili.   

##### The poster will be uploaded here upon completion of the ESA conference.
